because I find it trippy even though like I find it easy to put it into words when it comes to family
but when it comes to other people I'm a complete like I don't know train wreck you know sort of
so I might be able to string words together find when it comes to my family but I'll get muddled
when it comes to explaining to other people especially if it's someone I don't know so well
or if it's like you know I used to find it easy to speak to people like my mum and my family
whereas when I was in supported housing I used to not speak up to support support people that were
there to help me out you know so a bit of um uh kind of like performance anxiety or feeling a bit shy
or I think it was just because I knew my family a lot more than I did then yeah as people yeah
more comfortable with them more comfortable because my family I wouldn't have to worry about how they
reacted yeah so you know they wouldn't they wouldn't kick off or anything you know yeah
whereas I wasn't sure about the support people because you know they may have a different take
on it yeah yeah so that's that's about having a really good yeah special relationship with somebody
but people you know if if they're in a work situation then they have to respond professionally
don't they because well I was living at one point I was after I'd split away it's Beyonce
I was living in a communal house um in support it was supported housing but it was communal house
um so we all had one room that was ours and then the rest downstairs was communal like kitchen
sort of front lounge and stuff like that uh front hallway you know stuff like that um it's difficult
to kind of speak to the staff because a lot of the other people would then come in they'd be
coming back from the day services or something you know they'd be out in an hour and coming back
in and I'd be careful and just kind of keep an eye on the door and see if anyone walks in
um it sounds a bit like work that actually where you're trying to maybe have a word with somebody
yeah and you're having an eye on the door and yeah because I used to hear the door
and I think like they're coming home now yeah so I used to kind of try and tell the staff in not
so many words so that you know at least no one else would pick up on the conversation yeah
so you know it's tricky isn't it yeah you've got like sit to some other people in the same house
it's like yeah and if you had a private conversation with it with somebody and that
staff and the traders sort of deal with that sort of thing aren't they really in the way
yeah they're absolutely deal with it but you've got other people in the house that are kind of
watching what's going on and they so they've got ears to the walls yeah so nothing to do with the
private is it that's the thing yeah and I'm not going to move out because I have my own flat then